--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        SCENARIO 8, PART 2: FIRE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After being captured by Mal Kendria, Galas, Elynia and Mal Keshar are brought
to the court of the Iron Triad in the fortress of Kalari Peninsula


*** SIDES:

    SIDE 2:
        Units:
            Elyssa (Shaxthal Warlord, female, level 5) (leader)
                   (biomechanical+intelligent)

            Mal Kendria (Necromancer, female, level 4) (resilient+quick)

            Nar-hamoth (Shaxthal Warlord, level 4) (biomechanical+armored)

            Mal Hekuba (Ancient Lich) (undead)

        Recruit list: none

    SIDE 3:
        Units:
            Additional assorted cannon fodder units

        Recruit list: none


*** WML EVENT (START):

    The visible map includes a room with various enemy units. Mal Kendria
    moves to an area filled with underground castle tiles. Mal Hekuba and
    Nar-hamoth shortly appear.

    Mal Hekuba: Well done, Kendria. Well done.

    Nar-hamoth: I see that the little vermin fell into the master's trap as she
                expected. And they brought the Ruby of Fire with them! Ha ha.

    Galas: What are you speaking about?

    <enemy unit 1 inflicts damage on Galas>

    Enemy unit 1: Shut up, you fool!

    Mal Hekuba: Let him be, after all, it would be an unelegant move not to
                tell them what our plan is before we dispose their souls,
                wouldn't it?

    Nar-hamoth: We would have killed you in sight, rats, but our master really
                wanted to see your faces a last time before proceeding with our
                plan.

    Elynia: You... don't have a master... We killed him!

    <Elyssa teleports into the room, play animation>

    Elyssa: We have reserves, dear.

    Mal Keshar: You... you, bastard!

    Elyssa: You can call me by any name you want, but I am in charge of this
            place and the Chaos Empire right now and it's my intention to show
            you my gratitude for giving me this beautiful oportunity to clean
            the path for Uria to do her will.

    Elyssa: This world, Irdya, as many other worlds that may exist, has certain
            anomalies which create connections to Inferno, where Uria and her
            descendants live. Those anomalies are very well protected and
            guarded by ancient demons who are not allowing anyone to travel
            in either direction.

    Elyssa: Long ago, a group of sorcerers created a series of artifacts that
            could be used to open or close portals from one location of Irdya
            to another. Theoretically, those artifacts could also be used to
            create new, unguarded connections between Irdya and Inferno.

    Elyssa: Those artifacts were replicas of a single one that was thought lost
            long ago. We learned that it was used as a symbol of the people who
            created Naia. We also learned that it was supposed to be destroyed
            so it would not be misused by anyone. And I literally wasted my
            life trying to find it. And it found me instead, long after my
            death!

    Elyssa: Had Argan known that the artifact existed, and that his companion
            carried it with her, we would have settled this matter long ago. We
            wouldn't have needed to search for the space rifts created along
            with Naia and her fallen sister. Instead of searching for the Ruby
            of Fire, we should have searched for the staff of Elynia-Niryone!

    Elynia: Well done... then. You have... found it... what are you waiting for?

    Nar-hamoth: Now that we have the artifact, we can use it to merge this
            pitiful world with Inferno...

    Mal Hekuba: ...dispel the curse of Iluvia...

    Mal Kendria: ...and reunite Uria and the other Guardians...

    Elyssa: ...to restore the Initial Order.

    <Elyssa approaches Elynia>

    Elyssa: Give me this, dear.

    <Elyssa takes Elynia's staff and goes back to the Triad>

    Elyssa: Now this belongs to us.

    Mal Kendria: Yes! It belongs to us! May I borrow it for a second, my lady?

    Mal Keshar: This is not... over... yet...

    Mal Kendria: Of course it is over! What do you...

    <Elyssa receives damage from one of the guards and drops the staff>

    Elyssa: AAAAAAAAAH!

    <The guard is replaced with a loyal side 1 either recalled or created;
     other guards are replaced by Revenants, Deathblades and Faeries; they are
     recalled if that is possible>

    Elyssa: HOW DID YOU-

    <The infiltrators stab those guards who hold Galas, Mal Keshar and Elynia>

    Elyssa: KILL THEM! KILL ALL OF THEM! NOW!

    Elynia: Not so fast!

    Galas: Let's finish with this once and for all!

    <Set objectives:
        Victory: Defeat all enemy units before the turn limit runs out
        Defeat: Death of Galas, Elynia, Mal Keshar
        Note: You don't have the forces required to attack the Iron Triad
              or Elyssa, so it'd not be convenient to try.
    >

    <Turn limit is 2>

    <The Chance To Hit Elyssa and the Triad is set to 0%>


*** WML EVENT (DIE):

    Throw WML event "phase 2" when all enemy units of side 3 are killed.

*** WML EVENT (PHASE 2):

    Elyssa: By the power you have given me, Uria, may the spells that keep the
            undead animated be cancelled now!

    [This is the level 5 "Dispel undead" ability]
    <All undead units except Mal Keshar are destroyed>

    <Mal Keshar is seriously damaged and screams in pain>

    <Change Elyssa's unit level to 6>

    Elyssa: By the power you have given me, Uria, unbind the dust from this
            world and smite the unworthy descendants of Xiael!

    [This is the level 6 "Dispel faerie" ability]
    <All faerie units except Elynia are destroyed>

    <Galas and Elynia are seriously damaged>

    Mal Keshar: What have you done, stupid-

    Elynia: (in panic) What did she do? Is this... is this the kind of powers
            possessed by Uria?

    Galas: Leave this place now, you three, or you'll all be killed!

    Elynia: But-

    Galas: Leave! NOW!

    Elynia: No-

    Galas: LEAVE!

    <Mal Keshar and Elynia move out of the map>

    Elyssa: That was a completely stupid idea, elf. Mal Kendria, call upon the
            new weapon.

    Mal Kendria: But... she isn't finished-

    Elyssa: JUST DO IT!

    Elyssa: And you, elf, I'll personally deal with you and your remains...

    Galas: I do not fear death.

    Elyssa: There are things worse than death.

    <Fade out screen, continue to part 3>


; kate: indent-mode normal; encoding utf-8; space-indent on; word-wrap on;
